Hide Prisma update message (#2005)
wasp-lang/wasp: waspc/ChangeLog.md

### 🔧 Small improvements

- Improved the default loading spinner while waiting for the user to be fetched.

> - Hides Prisma update message to avoid confusion since users can't need to update Prisma by themselves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Hides Prisma update message to avoid confusion since users shouldn't update Prisma by themselves.
```
